so my first foray on this topic was to understnad the scapy library. It has a lot of resources apt for all networking handling frams and packages we need
it is a library that contains various pre defined low level control and automatization for us to use, at ease.

our first step is to use the powerful scapy set of tools to use the raw ethernet interface and send something thru there.

```python
from scapy.all import Ether,conf,get_if_hwaddr,sendp,Raw
iface =  conf.iface
frame = Ether(src = get_if_hwaddr(iface) , dst = "FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF" , type = 0x0800)/Raw(load="hello")
sendp(frame, iface=iface, count= 3)
```

as you can see we using certain methods from scapy. ONe of those is Ether
Ether is essential to built the stacks, what do i mean by that? is that we stack the "message" like a tcp model works
data link layer - network layer - transport layer - app layer
so after each stack we use "/" to divide them and say "look here it comes the next payload layer" because each upcoming (if you are
seeing this from bottom to high) is the payload of the earlier layer.

Ether needs some essential info the be built, one of those is the <mark>source or src</mark>. that is the mac address form which this next ethernet frame is being outputting. the neat thing about this is that we can manipulate to our will, we can choose a ramdomize mac address or our real, so is very handy.

the other , as you mightve guessed is the <mark>destination or dst</mark>, which is the contrary of the soruce, again we can change this as well, real, fake or broadcast

<mark>type</mark> refers to the type of frame whihc is being sended. that is, when our message is received on a different host the host or, actually, the OS and the NIC will begin the decapsulation and see what is expected after peel the next layer, like an onion. so the type "helps" to see what is the type of this message so the expected format is correctly use and decapsualted. types are written on hex and 0x0800 means an ipv4 packet, 0x0806 means ARP, again the power of this is that we can kinda hide a packet that is received and say isntead an ARP reply, this is a ICMP so we can hide the amount of arp replies to ICMP echo replies , you see my point? some software came with countermeaseures and if they see the decapsualtion does not "fit" with the expected type hex, it will say "malformed" so we need to take care of that, an skileld person will be able to analyze that usign tools like suricata or wireshark

as you can see and the end of the stack there is a RAW message payload with the string hello, this is not a normal payload that will be decapsualted properly, but is to test with tools like wiresshark, that the even tho malformed putput is expected, the "payload" hello will be stacked.

now to send this we use the <mark>sendp</mark> function (dont mistake with the send() which is to use for IP stack packets) to send frames and/or ARP request o r replies since we working on layer 2

sendp will ned to know the frame that must contsin the Ether stack , the name of our interface network be eth0 or enp0s3 etc. , and  how many times we will send this 1,2 or 10? is up to us.

