for this next stage we doing a script that sniff the network , and of course from the NIC pov we gonna filter that network "noise" to 
ARP packets either replies or request

```python
from scapy.all import ARP,sniff,conf

iface = conf.iface

def pkt_handler(pkt):
    if ARP in pkt:
        if pkt[ARP].op == 1:
            #request
            print(f"REQUEST from: {pkt[ARP].psrc} with MAC {pkt[ARP].hwsrc} is asking to {pkt[ARP].pdst} for ARP reply"  )

        elif pkt[ARP].op == 2:
            #reply
            print(f"REPLY from: {pkt[ARP].psrc} with MAC {pkt[ARP].hwsrc} to the asker {pkt[ARP].pdst}")



sniff(filter="arp",prn=pkt_handler, iface=iface,count = 10)
```


---------------
again we using scapy and specifically from scapy the methods sniif, conf and ARP. waht does each of those do?
 <mark>conf</mark> has a lot of utiliteas for each network part of out OS and computer. we can "combine" the conf since an object from the conf method is iface, which as we know is the default NIC, so we name it for easier use.

 next one is  <mark>ARP</mark>, is the resource that allow us to filter packets. ARP contains some specifications so we can decide what do we want to see, for example: we can "ask" if the next pakcet to have arrived is an ARP with: "ARP in pkt"

it makes sense and the syntaxis is easy, and in that way we use pkt and ARP as an almost an argument for each packet and somthing very important is that "op" which is a variable of the object ARP is to define if ARP is reqeust or reply; 1 for request 2 for reply.
we can use pdst destination, psrc source ip, hwsrc soruce mac address and hwdst destination mac address


lastly sniff is the one htat calls and begins this process, we select "arp" to specify the arp, the diference of doing this and askign if a packet is ARP or not, is, as my opinion goes, to double check and in programming does nto hurts to be 200% sure.
prn is print result function of each packet, we pass each one of those to the function packet_hnadler
we specify the iface variable of the NI and the count variable to define the number of sniffed packets. If we dont say a count by default will go undefined 

